5522

IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON INDUSTRIAL INFORMATICS, VOL. 17, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021

A Blockchain-Based Deep Learning Approach
for Cyber Security in Next Generation Industrial
Cyber-Physical Systems
Shailendra Rathore

Abstract—With the recent development of Internet of
Things (IoT) in the next generation cyber-physical system
(CPS) such as autonomous driving, there is a significant
requirement of big data analysis with high accuracy and low
latency. For efficient big data analysis, deep learning (DL)
supports strong analytic capability; it has been applied at
the cloud and edge layers by extensive research to provide
accurate data analysis at low latency. However, existing researches failed to address certain challenges, such as centralized control, adversarial attacks, security, and privacy.
To this end, we propose DeepBlockIoTNet, a secure DL approach with blockchain for the IoT network wherein the DL
operation is carried out among the edge nodes at the edge
layer in a decentralized, secure manner. The blockchain
provides a secure DL operation and removes the control
from a centralized authority. The experimental evaluation
demonstrates that the proposed approach supports higher
accuracy.
Index Terms—Blockchain, cyber-physical systems
(CPS), deep learning (DL), Internet of Things (IoT), security
and privacy.

I. INTRODUCTION
N RECENT years, Internet of Things (IoT) has been supported in many cyber-physical system (CPS) applications
such as augmented reality, virtual reality, and efficient analysis
wherein a large amount of data is generated and transferred
to the cloud to support analysis and computation of the data,
also known as cloud intelligence. These applications require
low latency and real-time response [1], [2]. For instance, an
autonomous driving application is sensitive to low latency and
higher accuracy of data analysis to facilitate accurate and quick
decision making in case of a road accident. To satisfy the

I

Manuscript received June 6, 2020; revised August 28, 2020 and
October 24, 2020; accepted November 18, 2020. Date of publication
November 26, 2020; date of current version May 3, 2021. This work was
supported by the National Research Foundation of Korea under Grant
NRF-2019R1A2B5B01070416, funded by the Korea government. Paper
no. TII-20-2759. (Corresponding author: Jong Hyuk Park.)
The authors are with the Department of Computer Science and
Engineering, Seoul National University of Science and Technology,
Seoul 01811, South Korea (e-mail: rathoreshailendra@seoultech.ac.kr;
jhpark1@seoultech.ac.kr).
Color versions of one or more of the figures in this article are available
at https://doi.org/10.1109/TII.2020.3040968.
Digital Object Identifier 10.1109/TII.2020.3040968

and Jong Hyuk Park

requirement of higher accuracy and low latency, the application needs higher communication bandwidth and efficient cloud
intelligence.
In particular, to support efficient cloud intelligence, deep
learning (DL) has become the most promising approach in recent
years for next-generation CPS [3], [4]. The DL approach works
as a strong analytic tool for employing reliable mining (feature
extraction and representation) of big unstructured data from
IoT, such as speech and images generated from various IoT
devices. The mined data is used for various tasks, such as object
detection, speech recognition, image classification, and so on.
The accuracy and latency of big data analysis using DL rely on
the continuous provisioning of application-aware data generated
by terminal devices. Fortunately, with the rapid growth of user
equipment (UE), the data collected by the UE exhibit exponential
growth; this, in turn, is able to provide the foundation for the
requirements in order to obtain cloud intelligence via real-time
analysis [5]. Note, however, that cloud intelligence requires
the offloading of all data from the UE to the cloud server,
further necessitating higher communication bandwidth and high
energy consumption and leading to failure to obtain low latency.
Moreover, cloud intelligence relies on a centralized architecture
wherein the cloud server has full control of the DL model; thus,
resulting in a single point of failure [6], [7].
To overcome the problem in cloud intelligence, the DL task
can be transferred to the edge computing layer to perform
distributed DL, also known as edge intelligence [8], [9]. Edge
intelligence supports the distribution of data or computation
load from cloud to edge to reduce communication latency. The
edge server on the network edge (e.g., small cell base station
and router) is deployed with computing capacity and storage
to perform the necessary computation. Since the edge server is
nearer to the UEs, and only one hop is required in most cases, this
leads to the reduction of communication bandwidth and latency
[9].
In edge intelligence, however, the cloud server controls the
distributed DL task performed by each individual edge node.
Therefore, the issue of a single point of failure remains just like
in cloud intelligence. On the other hand, edge intelligence might
have the effect of an adversarial attack, wherein any entity (cloud
or edge server) of the IoT network might act as a malicious or
curious entity in the distributed DL task, e.g., an interested server
can falsify the overall distributed DL process by implanting the

1551-3203 © 2020 IEEE. Personal use is permitted, but republication/redistribution requires IEEE permission.
See https://www.ieee.org/publications/rights/index.html for more information.

Authorized licensed use limited to: Abertay Library. Downloaded on December 09,2025 at 15:25:59 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

RATHORE AND PARK: BLOCKCHAIN-BASED DEEP LEARNING APPROACH FOR CYBER SECURITY

misleading or poisonous training data intentionally. Moreover,
an adversary may inject false data at the cloud server, leading
to the disruption of the DL task at the edge server in the IoT
network [10]. Apart from adversarial attacks, some edge nodes
attempt to avoid collaboration in the distributed DL process due
to the privacy issue, e.g., in healthcare applications, hospitals,
or research institutes are unwilling to share the medical data of
their patients due to privacy regulations such as HIPAA [11]. On
the other hand, in business applications, some companies may be
reluctant to participate in collaborative training because they are
very concerned about the possible disclosure of their valuable
data during distributed training [12]. Consequently, a deficiency
of training data leads to a poorly distributed DL model with low
accuracy.
Even though an extensive study is being carried out on DL
in the IoT network, we identified three serious problems that
should be considered to perform an effective DL task on the
modern IoT network: 1) centralized control; 2) security and
privacy (e.g., adversarial attack, training data poisoning); and
3) low accuracy. Given that, the distributed DL is a widely
adopted approach to mitigate the issue of accuracy and latency
[13]. In the distributed DL, a server referred to as a parameter
server aggregates the local model updates from multiple local
parties to prepare a global model update. Each individual party
prepares its local model update by performing the DL task on
its own training data and uploads the local model update to the
parameter server. Upon receiving the local model updates from
all parties, the parameter server performs the aggregation of
local model updates to obtain a global model update, which is
downloaded by each party to update its local model. This process
is continued until the training error of the final DL model is
lower than a prespecified threshold. Since learning from multiple
parties is combined, this overcomes the deficiency of training
data and improves the accuracy. Moreover, each party receives
a final global model update on its place, which meets the low
latency requirement. Nonetheless, distributed DL cannot protect
security and privacy.
On the other hand, a blockchain technology that facilitates
secure peer-to-peer connection among the untrusted parties has
become a desirable technique to acquire a secure IoT network
for next-generation CPS [14], [15]. Recently, Biswas et al. [16]
proposed a scalable blockchain scheme that provides a platform
of immutable distributed ledger for storing and transferring
transactions in a secure, decentralized manner among a group of
nodes. Yang et al. [17] studied the integration of blockchain and
edge computing to meet performance, scalability, and security
requirements in IoT. They examined the impact of blockchain
solutions at the network edges (i.e., edge devices) in terms of the
computation, storage, and network control to realize the network
security, computation, and data integrity verification. Moreover,
Nyamtiga et al. [18] proposed a novel approach by converging blockchain with edge computing to address adaptability,
integrity, and anonymity issues in IoT. Our recent research
[19] introduced a decentralized security architecture for IoT to
mitigate the issues of centralization, high latency, the high cost of
computation, and storage constraints. Thus, blockchain can also
play a significant role in the distributed DL to provide trusted

5523

and secure transactions (local and global model updates) among
the different parties to mitigate the challenges of security and
privacy and remove the control from a centralized authority.
The combination of distributed DL and blockchain can mitigate the existing challenges of edge and cloud intelligence and
provide a secure, efficient learning task. Therefore, our research
aims to design and develop a decentralized, secure DL approach
for the IoT network with the combination of distributed DL and
blockchain. The major research contribution of our research is
as follows.
1) We propose DeepBlockIoTNet, a secure DL approach
with blockchain for the IoT network wherein a decentralized DL operation among the edge nodes at the edge layer
of the IoT network is supported to mitigate the existing
challenges in cloud and edge intelligence.
2) An operational design is introduced to deploy distributed
DL in the blockchain environment. It facilitates the secure
collection and aggregation of the local DL model from
multiple edge servers through blockchain transactions to
deliver a decentralized, secure DL task.
3) In order to validate the practicability and feasibility of
the proposed DeepBlockIoTNet, we carried out an experimental analysis by implementing a prototype of it.
The rest of this article is organized as follows. Section II
describes the background and related work of big data analysis
in IoT. Section III discusses the design overview of the proposed
DeepBlockIoTNet and its operational components. Section IV
presents the working mechanism of the proposed DeepBlockIoTNet. Finally, Section V concludes this article.
II. DISTRIBUTED DEEP LEARNING
In a big data analysis task, DL provides training generalization
and stability and obtains significant scalability. It supports the
extraction of nonlinear and complex hierarchical features from
highly dimensional training data using multilayer deep networks
consisting of an input layer, output layer, and multiple hidden
layers. Each (l − 1)th layer computes the output in terms of
weight Wl and bias bl using nonlinear activation function f
and delivers it to the next lth layer of the neural network, i.e.,
al = f (Wl ak−1 ) [20]. For a given set of unlabeled training
data X = {x1 , x2 , . . . xs }, the DL task involves computing a
loss function on the given data and minimizing the loss function
further to obtain the minimum value of the DL model error on the
set of training data, i.e., the gap between the model output value
and the target value [21]. The loss function is described using (1),
where the first term refers to an error of reconstruction defined
as the mean of sum-of-square error for s samples of training
data, and the second term denotes the employed to alleviate the
problem of overfitting in the training process.
s

J (W, b) =

1 
(||xk − x
k ||)2
2s
k=0

λ     (l) 2
+
Wji
2
i=1 j=1
L−1 N N +1
l=1

Authorized licensed use limited to: Abertay Library. Downloaded on December 09,2025 at 15:25:59 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

(1)

5524

IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON INDUSTRIAL INFORMATICS, VOL. 17, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021

where L and N denote the total number of layers and the number
of neurons in each layer.
The minimization of loss function F (W, B|j) is carried out
using the stochastic gradient descent (SGD) mechanism [22],
wherein the backpropagation method supports the computation
of standard gradient ∇F (W, b|J) using learning rate α. The
final value of parameters W, B is computed via averaging. An
iteration of updating the operation of weight W and bias b using
standard gradient descent over sample i is illustrated in (2).
Wji := Wji − α

ϑF (W, b|j)
bji
ϑWji

ϑF (W, b|j)
bji := Wji − α
.
ϑbji

introduced DeepChain; a privacy-preserving distributed DL with
blockchain technology wherein incentive mechanism and cryptographic primitives (i.e., a homomorphic encryption technique,
zero-knowledge proof) are used to achieve computation auditability and data confidentiality in distributed DL. However,
the incentive mechanism is challenging in the deployment of
DeepChain on IoT platform. To mitigate these challenges, we
employ the blockchain technology in the distributed DL and
introduce a decentralized, secure DL approach for IoT, which
is different from DeepChain system in the following aspects.
Unlike the DeepChain, the collected data at each node in the
proposed approach is measured by the corresponding edge node;
the gathered information is independent and unrelated to earlier
measurements. Also, data verification in the DeepChain requires
to ensure that all parties and workers have adequate balance (i.e.,
DeepCoin) to manage the blockchain transaction. In contrast,
data verification in our proposed approach is carried out using
the voting process, i.e., task corresponding to DeepCoin deposit
checking are not needed in the proposed approach. In other
words, the proposed approach does not have a Merkle tree
situation [14], which provides a faster and lightweight chain
connection in the proposed approach, unlike the DeepChain.
The proposed approach supports algorithmic improvement to
develop a reliable and fast mining method wherein competition
among all miners in solving a puzzle and no incentive as a reward
is given to the miner who solves the puzzle first.
In the subsequent section, we will discuss the design overview
and operational components of the DeepBlockIoTNet.
III. PROPOSED DEEP BLOCK IOT NET ARCHITECTURE

(2)

High computation overhead is required to perform the abovementioned training process for obtaining a multilayer, complex
DL model. To reduce the overhead, many researchers proposed a
distributed DL approach in the past few years [23], [24] wherein
a centralized parameter server splits a DL model task among
multiple edge nodes by partitioning a whole training dataset
into several subsets. Each edge node trains a DL model on its
own subset and shares the local update of the model by uploading the parameters (weight W and bias b) to the centralized
parameter server. Later, the parameter server prepares a global
model update by aggregating the local updates from all edge
nodes. Consequently, all edge nodes update their DL model
by downloading the global model update from the parameter
server. This process is repeated until all edge nodes achieve the
final DL models under a certain condition. The overall working
mechanism of the distributed DL is illustrated in Algorithm 1.
Note, however, that the distributed DL has a centralized
control issue wherein the parameter server has full control over
the distributed DL process, which can create the problem of
single point of failure. In addition, security and privacy are
also major issues, with any entity (parameter server or edge
node) possibly falsifying the overall distributed DL process
for malicious and curious intent. Recently, Weng et al. [25]

The DL approach proposed in this article supports a decentralized, secure big data analysis task wherein a distributed DL
operation at the edge layer of the IoT network is carried out in a
secure, decentralized manner using blockchain technology. Typically, three basic processes are compiled for big data analysis
in the modern IoT network: data gathering and preprocessing at
the remote server from IoT devices, analysis of processed data
using intelligent learning algorithms; and remote control of IoT
devices using the analyzed data. The current big data analysis
approaches provide centralized control and management but
have a tremendous amount of data being exploited maliciously
by an adversary. The proposed DeepBlockIoTNet remarkably
lowers the possibility of data being manipulated in an adversarial
manner by facilitating a secure, decentralized DL approach. In
this section, we discuss the design overview of the proposed
DeepBlockIoTNet and its operational components.
A. Deep Block Iot Net Design Overview
Fig. 1 illustrates the design overview of the proposed DeepBlockIoTNet consisting of three layers: device, edge, and cloud
layers. The device layer supports several widely distributed
sensor nodes associated with various smart devices responsible for monitoring various activities and environments in the
public infrastructure and generates a massive amount of big
data. As described in research [26], the edge layer consists of
several edge nodes, each of which is subject to processing and

Authorized licensed use limited to: Abertay Library. Downloaded on December 09,2025 at 15:25:59 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

RATHORE AND PARK: BLOCKCHAIN-BASED DEEP LEARNING APPROACH FOR CYBER SECURITY

Fig. 1.

Design overview of the proposed DeepBlockIoTNet.

Fig. 2.

Operational flow of the proposed DeepBlockIoTNet.

analysis of the generated data by its associated sensors (at its
premises). To analyze the big data, each edge node is configured
with DL and blockchain applications. The blockchain server
is configured to support blockchain services. The peer-to-peer
interactions among the edge nodes are supported via transactions
implemented by employing blockchain technology.
B. Operational Components of the DeepBlockIoTNet
In this subsection, we describe the operational modules to
implement the proposed DeepBlockIoTNet. Fig. 2 illustrates
the operational flow of DeepBlockIoTNet, wherein edge nodes
interact with each other via the blockchain server to accomplish
a secure, decentralized DL operation. The operational design
mainly includes six components along the path between the edge
nodes and the blockchain server, as shown in Fig. 2, and it is
explained as follows.
1) Learning Agent: In the proposed system, a learning agent
is an edge node participating in the decentralized DL because
he/she is not able to prepare an accurate DL model alone due to
resource constraints such as lack of training data or scarcity or
shortage of computational power. This agent is responsible for
preparing a local model employing a DL approach on his/her

5525

private data and sharing the local model in the decentralized DL
task.
2) Processing Agent: An edge node is responsible for the
processing and aggregation of the local models from the learning
agents to prepare a global model (decentralized DL) with higher
accuracy. The multiple processing agents who have enough
computation power compete in the blockchain network to carry
out the decentralized DL task. The agent who finishes the decentralized DL task first uploads the global model to the blockchain
server, which is then downloaded by the learning agents.
3) Smart Contract: The proposed system states all the required policies and rules for its operation in a smart contract,
which includes two key modules: learning contract and processing contract. The learning contract helps the learning agents
upload and download operations, i.e., the agents upload the
parameters of their local models referred to as local model
updates to the blockchain server and download the processed
and aggregated local model updates referred to as global model
update from the blockchain server. The learning contract defines various policies and rules, i.e., uploading function for
local model update and downloading function for the global
update. On the other hand, the processing contract supports the
processing agents in uploading and downloading operations,
i.e., the agents download the list of local model updates from
the blockchain server for further processing and aggregation
and upload the global model update to the blockchain server.
The processing contract defines various policies and rules, i.e.,
downloading function for the list of local model updates and
uploading function for a global model update.
4) Smart Contract Interface: It provides an interface for connecting the edge nodes and the blockchain server to the smart
contract. It is responsible for triggering the operations and the
activities of the smart contracts at the edge nodes, such as registration of an edge node in the blockchain network, sharing of local model updates, communication and synchronization among
edge nodes and blockchain server, and edge node requesting for
decentralized DL (global model update). A Javascript-based API
known as Web3 protocol is employed in the proposed system to
configure the smart contract interfaces for the edge nodes. A
smart contract interface can call the functions and perform the
rules encoded in the contract on behalf of the IoT device.
5) Blockchain Network: We employ a private blockchain in
our proposed DeepBlockIoTNet to support a decentralized,
secure DL task in IoT. The private blockchain does not support pure peer-to-peer control, with the application owners of
the blockchain such as stakeholders having control over the
blockchain network; hence provides higher throughput at low
latency, which is required for the big data analysis task in
IoT. Moreover, the private blockchain provides a less resourceintensive mining task and supports the mining task to an edge
node with resource constraints in the DeepBlockIoTNet. In
blockchain deployment, the learning agent acts as a blockchain
client, and a processing agent carries out the mining task. In
particular, a resource-intensive task of block generation and
mining is executed by the processing agent. The learning agents
support the local DL learning task and offload the global model
generation task to the processing agents.

Authorized licensed use limited to: Abertay Library. Downloaded on December 09,2025 at 15:25:59 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

5526

IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON INDUSTRIAL INFORMATICS, VOL. 17, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021

Fig. 3. Model’s encryption, transmission, decryption, and validation
operation.

In the DeepBlockIoTNet, an Ethereum private blockchain
platform act as a blockchain server that typically supports the
blockchain services, execution of smart contracts, and recording
the activities of edge nodes. The blockchain server interacts
with the edge nodes and supports blockchain services using two
key operations. Primarily, the collection of all the transactions
among edge nodes and smart contracts is configured at the
blockchain server, which supports the generation of a new block
in the blockchain network. Second is the recording of all the
activities in the blockchain network, such as information about
the mining blocks and requesting and logging edge nodes.
IV. WORKING MECHANISM OF DEEP BLOCK IOT NET
In the proposed DeepBlockIoTNet, all local and global model
updates from the learning and processing agents, respectively,
are eventually uploaded to a distributed ledger (i.e., blockchain
server) of the blockchain network in the form of a connected
block, which presents a distributed form in each agent’s memory. Before uploading, several processes are needed to ensure
the model’s accuracy; model’s broadcasting; model’s validation
using a voting scheme; model’s aggregation in block and block
mining task; validation of the mining outcomes using voting
scheme; and finally, synchronization of the distributed ledger.
This section describes the operational details of DeepBlockIoTNet, which typically involves the model’s transmission (encryption/decryption), validation, and uploading or recording.
A. Model’s Encryption and Transmission
To support the model’s encryption and transmission, a public
key and a private key are assigned to each edge node in the IoT
network. A public key signifies publicly available and accessible information in the network with regard to an edge node.
Conversely, a private key implies private information about an
edge node that supports the validation of the node’s operation
and identity. Since all edge nodes are distributed in a blockchain
network, the associated data (DL model update) with an edge
node is required to encrypt and then transmit to all connected
nodes (broadcasting). The process of the model’s encryption and
broadcasting is depicted in Fig. 3.
The data associated with each edge node consists of general information and transmitted data. The general information

includes the private key of the edge node, a public key of all
connected nodes, candidate blocks, and preset consensus. The
transmitted data consists of a local model update and its digital
signature. To generate the digital signature, each edge node
follows the two steps operation: 1) the edge node takes the
newly collected local update and put it through a Secure Hash
Algorithm (SHA) to produce a message digest (i.e., a unique
string of characters); 2) the produced message digest is then
digitally signed using the public key encryption algorithm and
the node’s private key. Finally, the local model update and its
digital signature are sent to all connected nodes in the form
transmitted data through the communication network. In our
proposed approach, we used Elliptic Curve Digital Signature
Algorithm for public-key cryptography due to its advantage of
faster computations, less storage space, and shorter key size over
the other traditional algorithms such as RSA. The broadcasted
data by edge nodes are handled using the model’s decryption
and validation component, which is described in the subsequent
subsection.
B. Model’s Decryption and Validation
The broadcast data by an edge node is received by all other
connected edge nodes in an encrypted form that should be
decrypted and verified. As shown in Fig. 3, a recipient hashes the
local model update into message digest-1 and decrypts the digital
signature into message digest-2 via the sender’s public key.
The received data is verified as correct if message digest-1 and
message digest-2 are equal (true). In contrast, the received data
is regarded as incorrect (false) due to issues of data consistency
and integrity presence in the broadcasting process. For instance,
the transmitted data might be inconsistent, delayed, tampered
with, or even discarded between message digest-1 and message
digest-2.
A distributed voting scheme (majority voting mechanism) is
used in the proposed DeepBlockIoTNet, wherein a chance is
given to each recipient edge node to vote (true or false) for
verifying the consistency and integrity of the received data. As
illustrated in Fig. 3, the received data is verified as correct or
accepted only when a positive majority vote (true) is obtained
among the edge nodes.
Suppose there are n edge nodes that deliver their votes to
verify the received data from an edge node, given that v is the
total number of positive votes (true) (the negative vote is ∼ v)
where v ≤ n. Then, the data is considered accepted when the
following condition is satisfied:
v
>θ
(3)
n
where θ stands for the threshold value that must be 0.5 < θ < 1
to ensure the majority voting for an accepted data. As a result
of validation, all accepted data over a certain time period are
recorded in the form of a candidate block in the distributed ledger
at the blockchain server (Z).
All the verified local model updates over a certain time period
are used to generate blocks in the blockchain using block mining
and generation component, which is described as follows.

Authorized licensed use limited to: Abertay Library. Downloaded on December 09,2025 at 15:25:59 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

RATHORE AND PARK: BLOCKCHAIN-BASED DEEP LEARNING APPROACH FOR CYBER SECURITY

5527

C. Mining and Generation of Blocks
All the verified local model updates over a certain time period
(called an epoch) are packages in a candidate block to exchange
the local model updates truthfully among all the edge nodes
in the IoT network. The generated blocks in the consecutive
epochs are cryptographically connected block by block in a
distributed blockchain network. To link the blocks cryptographically, various SHAs applying a one-way hash function on the
message in the candidate block to generate a message digest can
be employed, such as SHA-512, SHA-384, SHA-256 [27].
The SHA-256 function is used in the proposed DeepBlockIoTNet for the blockchain ledger generation and mining process.
Employed in many bitcoin systems, it supports intermediate
computational complexity. Note, however, that the proposed
DeepBlockIoTNet can be easily configured with other hash
functions.
A block in a blockchain ledger consists of two parts: body and
header. In the traditional blockchain architecture [14], the body
consists of a set of verified transactions. On the other hand, in
DeepBlockIoTNet, a set of verified local model updates of the
edge nodes in E over an epoch (i.e., {ΔWjk , Δbjk }ek ∈E for
device ek in E over an epoch) are stored in the body. Consequent
with the structure [27], the header consists of block number,
previous hash result, nonce solution [output value of the Proof
of Work (PoW)], timestamp, and current hash result.
In the block generation process, the SHA-256 algorithm employs a one-way hash function to find the output 32-bit words
with elements from {0, 1, …, 9, A, B, …, F} and consists of two
phases: preprocessing and hash computation.
The preprocessing phase is responsible for processing all the
information to generate a candidate block and summarize it in
message M as follows:
M = B + L + Hp + N once + T

(4)

where B, L , and Hp stand for block number, list of verified
local model updates (also known as a global model update), and
previous hash result, respectively. N once and T represent the
random number and timestamp, respectively.
Assume that a list of local updates from all edge nodes over
an epoch has been verified and packaged into the body of the bth
block as data content. Then, a puzzle problem is solved by some
edge nodes to determine an appropriate value of the nonce for
the given data content of the bth block, current timestamp, and
hash results of the (b − 1)th block. This puzzle-solving task
is known as mining, and the edge nodes contributing in the
mining task are called processing agents (known as miners in
traditional blockchain architecture [28]). Furthermore, the hash
computation phase is responsible for the generation of the puzzle
problem wherein the message digest Puzzlehash is produced by
applying SHA-256 twice to input message M to support extra
security measure as follows:
Puzzl ehash = hash (SHA256, hash (SHA256, M)) . (5)
The puzzle problem is defined as finding an appropriate value
of the N once to generate the lesser value of Puzzlehash then a

given target Q, illustrated as follows:
Puzzlehash ≤ Q.

(6)

The puzzle problem above is solved using a brute force
way, which is highly computationally intensive. The computing
difficulty of Puzzlehash relies on the value of Q (i.e., the number
of leading zeros in Q). Generally, the longer the length of leading
zeros in Q raises the difficulty level of generating Puzzlehash
and the more processing time and computational resources are

Authorized licensed use limited to: Abertay Library. Downloaded on December 09,2025 at 15:25:59 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

5528

IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON INDUSTRIAL INFORMATICS, VOL. 17, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021

required to solve the puzzle. In order to alleviate this problem in
our proposed approach, we adjust the difficulty to a significantly
low level by setting the smaller length of leading zeros in Q to
support quick mining.
Some or even all edge nodes (processing agents) with enough
computation power can participate in solving the puzzle problem. A processing agent who determines the value of nonce first
disseminates it to other connected processing agents in order
to verify the correctness of the N once value. The connected
processing agents give their feedback on verification in terms
of voting (true or false), which is further evaluated by again
employing a distributed voting mechanism. As illustrated in (3),
once enough processing agents give positive responses to the
N once value, the candidate block is permitted to link in the distributed ledger at the blockchain server Z cryptographically. All
the processing agents are compelled to halt their nonce finding
tasks, and a generated candidate block is added to their local
ledger. Subsequently, the distributed ledger at the blockchain
server is updated with a newly generated block synchronously,
and all processing agents move forward to the generation of the
next block.
On the other hand, some or even all edge nodes (learning
agents) who are willing to prepare a global DL model can download the newly generated candidate block from the distributed
ledger at the blockchain server Z. They locally compute a global
model update by using the aggregated list of verified local model
updates in the newly generated block described as follows [13]:
n

W (p) = W (p−1) −

1
(ΔWjk , Δbjk )
n

(7)

k=1

where W (p) and W (p−1) represent the global model updates at
the pth and (p − 1)th epoch, respectively.
However, two edge nodes may find the correct nonce at the
same time or another edge node successfully generate another
block within the propagation delay of the firstly generated block;
then, this second generated block might be incorrectly added
by some edge nodes to their local ledgers, refer to forking. To
prevent from forking, an Acknowledgement (ACK) signal is
used wherein an ACK signal is broadcasted when each edge
node finds no forking occurrence. Every edge node waits until
getting ACK signals from all other edge nodes otherwise the
operation of block generation restarts again.
V. EXPERIMENTAL ANALYSIS
A. Deep Block IoT Net Testbed Setup
In order to evaluate the Quality of Service (QoS) of the
proposed DeepBlockIoTNet in practical applications, we implemented a prototype model using Raspberry Pi’s with Raspbian
Operating System as IoT devices and workstations with Intel
processor as edge computing nodes. DeepBlockIoTNet was set
up with 30 workstations with several Raspberry Pi’s. Regarding
the blockchain configuration, Go-ethereum was employed as
a blockchain, and smart contracts were written with solidity
language and deployed using a Truffle development suite. Our
blockchain is configured on the Ethereum platform [28] which

is initialized by default to sync with a live public network. However, our proposed DeepBlockIoTNet is presently designed for
the experimental purpose, so we configure ethereum for use on
a private network on the university campus. Moreover, Node.js
was employed to support an interface for interaction between
blockchain and IoT applications. The PoW was implemented
using C + + on Intel Core i7 processor to examine the processing
time of solving the puzzle with several difficulties. We found that
solving PoW with six leading zeros in target hash Q takes 9.09
ms average lowest time to synchronize a new block by IoT edge
device. Therefore, in the experiment, we adjusted the difficulty
to six leading zeros in Q. On the other hand, a DL was built with
Tensorflow version 1.7.0, NumPy version 1.14.0, and python
version 3.6.4. Each edge computing node was configured for
Go-ethereum and DL operations.
In the experimental setup, some edge nodes were operated
as learning agents responsible for generating and sending the
local model updates to the blockchain server in the form of
blockchain transactions and getting the list of verified local
model updates from the blockchain server to obtain global
updates. Conversely, some edge nodes were configured as a
processing agent responsible for validation and block mining
task. The object detection problem is widely discussed by many
researchers, such as indoor guarding, crowd control, and city
surveillance [29]–[32], requiring a highly accurate result at low
latency. For object detection, a well-known MS COCO dataset
containing 118 000 training instances and 46 000 validation
instances of 80 different object classes [33] was used. The overall
dataset was divided into subsets and assigned to edge nodes. In
our experimental evaluation, we assume 30 edge nodes (e-1,
e-2, e-3, e-4, …., e-29, e-30), each of them containing a distinct
subset (i.e., trainset = 118 000/30 = 3933, valset = 46 000/30 =
1533) of the whole dataset. Some of the edge nodes (i.e., 10 edge
nodes) acted as a processing agent. Each edge node prepared a
trained model.
Note: In the DeepBlockIoTNet, the memory of an edge node
occupied by the distributed ledger Z is released periodically.
With the continuous operation of the DeepBlockIoTNet (i.e.,
store the partial neural network model on blockchain and performing the training and inference over time), the distributed
ledger at the blockchain server will eventually be large. For
instance, if the size of the block header is 0.1 KB, the body is 1
KB, and the generation rate of blocks is one block per minute.
Then, the size of the ledger after one year would be (1 + 0.1)
×60 × 24 × 365 = 578 160 KB = 579 MB (approximately). In
this case, recycling the memory space is necessary and can be
obtained by freeing up the memory of the edge node occupied
by ledger on an annual basis.
B. Evaluation Results
For object detection, video frames (objects) were captured
with a camera module integrated with Raspberry Pi in 60 Hz
frequency and 1080p resolution and processed further using
the DeepBlockIoTNet system, which gives the detection results
with boxes over the detected objects. The feasibility of object
detection in the multiple Raspberry Pi’s settings was evaluated

Authorized licensed use limited to: Abertay Library. Downloaded on December 09,2025 at 15:25:59 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

RATHORE AND PARK: BLOCKCHAIN-BASED DEEP LEARNING APPROACH FOR CYBER SECURITY

Fig. 4. DeepBlockIoTNet performance in terms of : (a) accuracy; (b)
latency delay; (c) computational overhead; (d) security measurement.

in terms of four metrics: mean precision accuracy, latency delay,
privacy, and security analysis that were our considerations for
proposing DeepBlockIoTNet to achieve high-assurance CPS
[34], [35].
Mean precision accuracy: Fig. 4(a) shows the accurate measurements of the object detection process via DeepBlockIoTNet.
It can be seen in Fig. 4(a) that the accuracy increases in proportion to the number of edge nodes. Generally, an individual local
model update is prepared by each edge node employing the DL
operation on its own private data (a subset of 3933 instances),
and this local model update is shared for the distributed DL
in DeepBlockIoTNet where a list of verified local updates is
produced for the computation of global model update at each
edge node. The participation of a greater number of edge nodes
obviously leads to an increment in the size of the training dataset
(n∗3933, where n is the number of edge nodes). Consequently,
the list of local model updates to compute a global model
update increase that further provides an escalation in the overall
accuracy of the global model update. Moreover, we compared
the accuracy of object detection process in the case of “Without
DeepBlockIoTNet” wherein each edge node downloads a global
model update from a cloud server (a distributed DL) and in the
“With DeepBlockIoTNet” case wherein each edge node computes the global model update by downloading a list of verified
local model updates from a blockchain server (an integration
of blockchain and distributed DL). As illustrated in Fig. 4(a),
“With DeepBlockIoTNet” (blue color) obtained more accurate
results compared to “Without DeepBlockIoTNet” (dark yellow
color).
Latency delay: We measured a variation in the object detection time against the total number of edge nodes to demonstrate the latency improvement using DeepBlockIoTNet. The
detection time was obtained using TWith DeepBlockIoTNet =

5529

TBC_global + Tedge and TWithout DeepBlockIoTNet = Tglobal +
Tcloud , where TBC_global stands for the time required to generate a global model update using blockchain operation, which
involves the time to sign, hash, propose transactions, and append
and retrieve blocks in the blockchain of “With DeepBlockIoTNet.” Tedge represents an average communication delay in
downloading the global model update from the edge node to
the IoT device in “With DeepBlockIoTNet.” Also Tglobal and
Tcloud denote the time required to generate global model updates
using conventional distributed learning at the centralized cloud
server and an average communication delay to download the
global model update from cloud to IoT device, respectively in
“Without DeepBlockIoTNet.” As illustrated in Fig. 4(b), there is
always an increment in the detection time for both “With DeepBlockIoTNet” and “Without DeepBlockIoTNet” cases. Note,
however, that shorter detection time was realized “With DeepBlockIoTNet” than “Without DeepBlockIoTNet.” This could be
attributed to the fact that, in “With DeepBlockIoTNet,” a global
model update for object detection is computed at each edge node
close to the IoT device, which leads to shorter detection time.
On the other hand, in the case of “Without DeepBlockIoTNet,” a
global model update for object detection is computed at the cloud
server and distributed among the edge nodes, causing an extra
communication delay to transfer the global update from cloud
to edge nodes (i.e., Tedge < Tcloud ) and increase the detection
time. Here, it should be noted that the extra communication
delay is significantly higher than the delay gained by blockchain
operation (i.e., (Tcloud − Tedge ) > (TBC_global − Tglobal )).
Computational Overhead: In order to validate the computational feasibility of DeepBlockIoTNet, we evaluated the
computational overhead at each edge node in terms of memory and CPU. As illustrated in Fig. 4(c), the edge nodes in
“With DeepBlockIoTNet” consume additional CPU (lies between 4.1 and 5.5) and memory (lies between 8.1 and 8.8) as
compared to that of “Without DeepBlockIoTNet.” It can be due
to the additional overhead of blockchain (i.e., consensus process,
block generation, and mining) operation at each edge node in
DeepBlockIoTNet. Since DeepBlockIoTNet outperforms over
the conventional distributed learning in terms of accuracy
and latency, slightly additional overhead can be considered
acceptable.
Security and privacy: DeepBlockIoTNet consider security
and privacy to be an important factor. As we discussed in the
introduction section, the existing distributed DL operation may
suffer from adversarial attacks [10] that can be divided into the
following three categories:
Attack category-1: Compromise the local model update.
Attack category-2: Implant misleading false model’s update
deliberately during the model’s update transmission to/from the
central server.
Attack category-3: Compromise the central server database
via a data poisoning attack.
We compared the probability of occurrence of these three
categories of attacks in both “With DeepBlockIoTNet” and
“Without DeepBlockIoTNet” cases. The comparison is depicted
in Fig. 5. To compute the probabilities, we consider n edge
nodes. All categories of attacks are considered independent of
each other to carry out successful attacks.

Authorized licensed use limited to: Abertay Library. Downloaded on December 09,2025 at 15:25:59 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

5530

IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON INDUSTRIAL INFORMATICS, VOL. 17, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021

In “With DeepBlockIoTNet,” an attacker can carry out all
three categories of attacks. Like P r[W oD] , we can consider total
probability to successfully hack the “With DeepBlockIoTNet”
process into four fractions (i.e., represented as P r[W D] ) and
computed as follows:

Fig. 5.

Security and privacy analysis of DeepBlockIoTNet.

In “Without DeepBlockIoTNet,” the total probability of
above mentioned all categories of attacks (i.e., represented as
P r[W oD] ) can be considered into four fractions and represented
as follows:
P r[W oD] = P r[W oD_1] + P r[W oD_2]
+ P r[W oD_3] + P r[W oD_4] .
(8)

Here, P r[W oD_1] = 41 nk=1 ρk represents the probability of
successfully hacking the corresponding n edge nodes in the
attack category-1, Since the probability of successful hacking
of each edge node k by the attackers represented as ρk (i.e.,
0 ≤ ρk ≤ 1) is independent, P r[W oD_1] can be calculated by
multiplying the individual probability of successful hacking of
all edge node n (i.e., ρ1 , ρ1 , . . . ρk , . . . , ρn ) and dividing by 4
as total probability is considered into four fractions.

Similarly, we can calculate P r[W oD_2] = 41 nk=1 σk that denotes the probability of hacking the corresponding transmission
medium by falsifying the local model’s updates from edge nodes
to the central server (attack category-2). Here, the probability of
implanting of the false data into model’s update by attackers for
each edge node k is independent and
 represented as σk (i.e.,
0 ≤ ρk ≤ 1). Also, P r[W oD_3] = 41 nk=1 σk that signifies the
probability of hacking the corresponding transmission medium
by falsifying the global model’s updates from the central server
to the edge nodes (attack category-2).
In addition, P r[W oD_4] = 41 χ wherein χ is assumed to be
the probability of compromising the central server in the attack
category-3. Then, the overall probability of successfully hacking
the “Without DeepBlockIoTNet” process can be computed as
follows:
P r[W oD] =

n
1 

4

k=1

ρk +

n
1

4

k=1

σk +

n
1

4

k=1

1
σk + χ.
4

(9)

P r[W D] = P r[W D_1] + P r[W D_2] + P r[W D_3] + P r[W D_4] .
(10)
n
n
1
φ
×
ρ̄
denotes
the
Here, P r[W D_1] = 41
k
k
k=1
k=1
4
probability of attack category-1, wherein the attacker needs
to steal the key’s information and hack each edge node to
carry out successful attacks. The probability of stealing of the
key’s information for each node k by attackers is independent
and represented as φk (i.e., 0 ≤ φk ≤ 1). The probability of
successful hacking of each edge node by attackers is independent and represented as ρ̄k (i.e., 0 ≤ ρ̄k ≤ 1). Then, P r[W D_1]
can be mathematically calculated by multiplying the individual
probability of stealing the key’s information of all edge node
(i.e., φ1 , φ1 , . . . φk , . . . , φn ) , successful hacking of all edge
node n (i.e., ρ̄1 , ρ2 , . . . ρ̄k , . . . , ρ̄n ) and dividing by 4 as total
probability is assumed into four fractions.
Similarly, we can compute P r[W D_2] that represents the probability of hacking the corresponding transmission medium by
falsifying the local model’s updates from edge nodes to the
blockchain server (attack category-2). There are n(n − 1)/2
transmission medium. Let the probability of implanting the false
data in the transmission medium be independent and represented as (σ̄1 , σ̄1 , . . . σ̄k , . . . , σ̄n(n−1)/2 ), where 0 ≤ σ̄k ≤ 1.
Since DeepBlockIoTNet employs the threshold [0.5 < θ < 1
as described in (3)] for the voting mechanism, the attacker
needs to hack the v = θ · n(n − 1)/2 transmission medium
for successful attacks. Furthermore, the attacker needs to steal
n pairs of key information
v to encrypt
nthe false injected data.
1
Then, P r[W D_2] = 41
k=1 σ̄k × 4
k=1 φk . Also, P r[W D_3]
that indicates the probability of hacking the corresponding transmission medium by falsifying global model’s updates from the
blockchain server to the edge nodes (attack category-2) can
be calculated same as P r[W D_2] and defined as P r[W D_3] =
v
n
1
1
k=1 σ̄k × 4
k=1 φk .
4
In addition, P r[W D_4] implies the probability of attack
category-3 wherein to compromise the blockchain server, an
attacker should hack at least v = θ · n(n − 1)/2 edge nodes and
steal n pair of the key’s information to falsify the majority voting
process. Therefore, the probability of
in the
 successful attacks

attack category-3 is P r[W D_4] = 41 nk=1 φk × 41 vk=1 ρ̄k .
The overall probability of successfully hacking the “With
DeepBlockIoTNet” process is denoted as P r[W D] and can be
computed as follows:
 n
 v
n
n
1
1
1
1
φk ×
ρ̄k +
σ̄k ×
φk
P r[W D] =
4
4
4
4
k=1
k=1
k=1
k=1
 v
 n
n
v
1
1
1
1
+
σ̄k ×
φk +
φk ×
ρ̄k .
4
4
4
4
k=1

k=1

k=1

k=1

(11)
It can be easily seen in (9) and (11) that the overall probability
of successful attacks depends on the number of edge nodes (n).

Authorized licensed use limited to: Abertay Library. Downloaded on December 09,2025 at 15:25:59 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

RATHORE AND PARK: BLOCKCHAIN-BASED DEEP LEARNING APPROACH FOR CYBER SECURITY

We simulate (9) and (11) by setting the value of n in the range
of (6, 12, 18, 24, 30). We choose the value of other variables
based on the difficulty of attacks. We set value ρ, σ, ρ̄, σ̄, and
φ of in the range of [0.9, 1] and the value of χ in the range of
[0, 0.1]; the value of threshold θ is arbitrarily selected from the
range [0.5, 1].
As illustrated in the results of the simulation in Fig. 4(d), the
probabilities in both “With DeepBlockIoTNet” and “Without
DeepBlockIoTNet” cases decrease with an increasing number
of edge nodes to be hacked. Note, however, that “With DeepBlockIoTNet” always obtained the lower value of the overall
probability of attacks compared to “Without DeepBlockIoTNet.” It could be due to the blockchain technology employed in
the “With DeepBlockIoTNet” provides extra probability values
(i.e., φk : the probability of stealing of the key’s information for
each node k by attackers) and the attacker needs to hack a large
number of transmission mediums (i.e., v = θ · n(n − 1)/2)
for successful attacks. Since the value of φk in decimal and
(v > n), the decimal multiplication of φk to each element
and larger value of v in (11) will jointly result in the lower
value of P r[W D] in comparison with P r[W oD] . The lower
value of overall probability “With DeepBlockIoTNet” compared to “Without DeepBlockIoTNet,” demonstrates that “With
DeepBlockIoTNet” have less possibility to be attacked than
“Without DeepBlockIoTNet” which satisfies the higher security
requirement.
VI. CONCLUSION
In this article, DeepBlockIoTNet, a secure DL approach with
blockchain for the IoT network, contributes to the field of DL
for big data analysis in next-generation CPS in three ways.
First, a distributed DL approach was presented to deploy the
DL operation at the edge layer (e.g., edge intelligence) and
mitigate the challenges in the DL at the cloud layer (e.g., cloud
intelligence). Second, the distributed DL was configured in a
blockchain environment to mitigate the three major challenges of
edge intelligence, specifically centralized control, security and
privacy, and low accuracy and provide a secure, decentralized
DL approach. Finally, DeepBlockIoTNet was experimentally
evaluated with an object detection application to demonstrate the
practicability and the QoS of the proposed DeepBlockIoTNet in
practical applications. However, DeepBlockIoTNet has certain
challenges in the context of cross-communication between multiple domains in IoT wherein sensors vary, and different sensors
collect different kinds of knowledge, which result in different
DL models for different domains. To address these challenges,
DeepBlockIoTNet can be enhanced by using transfer learning
and sensor fusion techniques.
REFERENCES
[1] N. Y. Kim, S. Rathore, J. H. Ryu, J. H. Park, and J. H. Park, “A survey
on cyber physical system security for IoT: Issues, challenges, threats,
solutions,” J. Inf. Process. Syst., vol. 14, no. 6, pp. 361–1384, 2018.
[2] Vengadeswaran and Balasundaram, “CORE-An optimal data placement
strategy in Hadoop for data intensive applications based on cohesion
relation,” Comput. Syst. Sci. Eng., vol. 34, no. 1, pp. 47–60, 2019.

5531

[3] C. S. Wickramasinghe, D. L. Marino, K. Amarasinghe, and M. Manic,
“Generalization of deep learning for cyber-physical system security: A
survey,” in Proc. 44th Annu. Conf. IEEE Ind. Electron. Soc., 2018,
pp. 745–751.
[4] M. T. N. Truong and S. Kim, “A tracking-by-detection system for pedestrian tracking using deep learning technique and color information,” J. Inf.
Process. Syst., vol. 15, no. 4, pp. 1017–1028, 2019.
[5] S. Garg, K. Kaur, N. Kumar, G. Kaddoum, A. Y. Zomaya, and R. Ranjan,
“A hybrid deep learning-based model for anomaly detection in cloud
datacenter networks,” IEEE Trans. Netw. Service Manage., vol. 16, no. 3,
pp. 924–935, Sep. 2019.
[6] Q. Zhang, L. T. Yang, Z. Chen, P. Li, and M. J. Deen, “Privacy-preserving
double-projection deep computation model with crowdsourcing on cloud
for big data feature learning,” IEEE Internet Things J., vol. 5, no. 4,
pp. 2896–2903, Aug. 2018.
[7] Z. Deng, Y. Ren, Y. Liu, X. Yin, Z. Shen, and H. J. Kim, “Blockchain-based
trusted electronic records preservation in cloud storage,” Comput. Mater.
Continua, vol. 58, no. 1, pp. 135–151, 2019.
[8] Y. H. M. Chen, K. Lin, Z. Yuan, and L. Hu, “Label-less learning for
traffic control in an edge network,” IEEE Netw., vol. 32, no. 6, pp. 8–14,
Nov. 2018.
[9] H. Li, K. Ota, and M. Dong, “Learning IoT in edge: Deep learning for
the internet of things with edge computing,” IEEE Netw., vol. 32, no. 1,
pp. 96–101, Jan.–Feb. 2018.
[10] S. Garg, K. Kaur, N. Kumar, and J. J. Rodrigues, “Hybrid deep-learningbased anomaly detection scheme for suspicious flow detection in SDN: A
social multimedia perspective,” IEEE Trans. Multimedia, vol. 21, no. 3,
pp. 566–578, Mar. 2019.
[11] “Health insurance portability and accountability act,” 2020. [Online].
Available: https://www.hhs.gov/hipaa/index.html
[12] R. Shokri and V. Shmatikov, “Privacy-preserving deep learning,” in Proc.
Allerton Conf. Commun., Control Comput., 2015, pp. 909–910.
[13] A. Sergeev and M. Del Balso, “Horovod: Fast and easy distributed deep
learning in TensorFlow,” Feb. 2018. arXiv 1802.05799.
[14] K. Kaur, S. Garg, G. Kaddoum, F. Gagnon, and S. H. Ahmed, “Blockchainbased lightweight authentication mechanism for vehicular fog infrastructure,” in Proc. IEEE Int. Conf. Commun. Workshops, May 2019, pp. 1–6.
[15] B. Bordel, R. Alcarria, D. Martin, and A. Sanchez-Picot, “Trust provision
in the internet of things using transversal blockchain networks,” Intell.
Automat. Soft Comput., vol. 25, no. 1, pp. 155–170, 2019.
[16] S. Biswas, K. Sharif, F. Li, B. Nour, and Y. Wang, “A scalable blockchain
framework for secure transactions in IoT,” IEEE Internet Things J., vol. 6,
no. 3, pp. 4650–4659, Jun. 2019.
[17] R. Yang, F. R. Yu, P. Si, Z. Yang, and Y. Zhang, “Integrated blockchain
and edge computing systems: A survey, some research issues and challenges,” IEEE Commun. Surveys Tuts., vol. 21, no. 2, pp. 1508–1532,
Apr.–Jun. 2019.
[18] S. Nyamtiga, S. Rathore, and Park, “Blockchain-based secure storage
management with edge computing for IoT,” Electronics, vol. 8, no. 8,
2019, Art. no. 828.
[19] S. Rathore, B. W. Kwon, and J. H. Park, “BlockSecIoTNet: Blockchainbased decentralized security architecture for IoT network,” J. Netw. Comput. Appl., vol. 143, pp. 167–177, 2019.
[20] C. W. Hung, W. L. Mao, and H. Y. Huang, “Modified PSO algorithm on
recurrent fuzzy neural network for system identification,” Intell. Automat.
Soft Comput., vol. 25, no. 2, pp. 329–341, 2019.
[21] S. Ruslan and E. H Geoffrey, “Deep Boltzmann machines on artificial intelligence and statistics,” in Proc. 12th Int. Conf., vol. 5, 2009, pp. 448–455.
[22] B. D. Oh, H. J. Song, J. D. Kim, C. Y. Park, and Y. S. Kim, “Predicting
concentration of PM10 using optimal parameters of deep neural network,”
Intell. Automat. Soft Comput., vol. 25, no. 2, pp. 343–350, 2019.
[23] C. Hardy, E. Merrer Le, and B. Sericola, “Distributed deep learning on
edge-devices: Feasibility via adaptive compression,” in Proc. IEEE 16th
Int. Symp. Netw. Comput. Appl., Oct. 2017, pp. 1–8.
[24] J. Dean et al., “Large scale distributed deep networks,” in Proc. Adv. Neural
Inf. Process. Syst., 2012, pp. 1223–1231.
[25] J. S. Weng, J. Weng, M. Li, Y. Zhang, and W. Luo, “DeepChain: Auditable
and privacy-preserving deep learning with blockchain-based incentive,”
IACR Cryptol. ePrint Arch., vol. 2018, 2018, Art. no. 679.
[26] S. Rathore, Y. Pan, and J. H. Park, “BlockDeepNet: A blockchain-based
secure deep learning for IoT network,” Sustainability, vol. 11, no. 14, 2019,
Art. no. 3974.
[27] M. Pilkington, “Blockchain technology: Principles and applications,” in
Research Handbook on Digital Transformations, F Xavier, Olleros, and
M. Zhegu, Eds. Cheltenham, U.K.: Edward Elgar, 2016.

Authorized licensed use limited to: Abertay Library. Downloaded on December 09,2025 at 15:25:59 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

5532

IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON INDUSTRIAL INFORMATICS, VOL. 17, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021

[28] G. Wood, “Ethereum: A secure decentralised generalised transaction
ledger,” Ethereum Project Yellow Paper, vol. 151, pp. 1–32, 2014.
[29] M. Liu, L. Cheng, K. Qian, J. Wang, J. Wang, and Y. Liu, “Indoor acoustic
localization: A survey,” Hum.-Centric Comput. Inf. Sci., vol 10, no. 1,
2020, Art. no. 2.
[30] J. Park and K. Park, “Construction of a remote monitoring system in smart
dust environment,” J. Inf. Process. Syst., vol. 16, no. 3, pp. 733–741, 2020.
[31] S. Garg, K. Kaur, G. Kaddoum, S. H. Ahmed, and D. N. K. Jayakody,
“SDN-based secure and privacy-preserving scheme for vehicular networks: A 5G perspective,” IEEE Trans. Veh. Technol., vol. 68, no 9,
pp. 8421–8434, Sep. 2019.
[32] J. H. Park, M. M. Salim, J. H. Jo, J. C. S. Sicato, S. Rathore, and J. H. Park,
“CIoT-Net: A scalable cognitive IoT based smart city network architecture,” Hum.-Centric Comput. Inf. Sci., vol. 9, no 1, 2019, Art. no. 29.
[33] C. dataset, 2020. [Online]. Available: https://cocodataset.org/#download
[34] Y. Zhang, M. Huang, H. Wang, W. Feng, J. Cheng, and H. Zhou, “A coverification interface design for high-assurance CPS, Computers,” Mater.
Continua, vol. 58, no. 1, pp. 287–306, 2019.
[35] W. Tian et al., “Defense strategies against network attacks in cyberphysical systems with analysis cost constraint based on honeypot game
model,” Comput. Mater. Continua, vol. 60, no 1, pp. 193–211, 2019.

Jong Hyuk Park received the Ph.D. degrees in
human science, in 2012 and information security, in 2007 from Korea University, Seoul, South
Korea and Waseda University, Tokyo, Japan.
He is currently a Professor with the Department of Computer Science and Engineering,
Seoul National University of Science and Technology, Seoul. He has authored/coauthored
about 300 research papers in international journals and conferences. He is Editor-in-Chief of
Human-centric Computing and Information Sciences by Springer, The Journal of Information Processing Systems by
KIPS. His research interests include IoT, information security, smart city,
blockchain, etc.

Shailendra Rathore received the Ph.D. degrees in information security from the Graduate
School of Computer Science and Engineering,
Seoul National University of Science and Technology, Seoul, South Korea, in June 2020.
He is currently working as a Researcher with
the Ubiquitous Computing Security Lab lead by
Prof. Jong Hyuk Park. His research interest includes information and cyber security, IoT, artificial intelligence, blockchain, and deep learning.

Authorized licensed use limited to: Abertay Library. Downloaded on December 09,2025 at 15:25:59 UTC from IEEE Xplore. Restrictions apply.

